WIP: Add quickstart devs (#188)
cvmfs/doc-cvmfs: cpt-configure.rst

CernVM-FS process and to extract information about the status of the
corresponding mount point. Most of the commands are for special purposes
only or covered by more convenient commands, such as

> ``cvmfs_config showconfig`` or ``cvmfs_config stat``. Four commands might

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``cvmfs_config showconfig`` or ``cvmfs_config stat``. The following commands might
```
